hello today I'm going to be showing you
how to do some graffiti art I'm using my
computer to do this I'm using masks or
media flash professional eight and i'm
also using a bamboo pen tablet and um so
this program kind of corrects your
movements and stuff makes it nice and
smooth so you'll see when i start
drawing but i would recommend this
program however it is a big expensive so
let's start with some fun layers like
a.j you can do a lot of stuff with that
when you're doing graffiti art your want
to remember to do stuff that's nice
swift movements as i said this program
corrects it so it's very smooth but oh
if you're drawing this at home with like
i would recommend a sharpie or but uh
like a felt pen and uh just make a quick
swift curvy movements and it looks
really nice like that then we're going
to go back and add some detail later
another thing you can do is like
intertwined letters kind of like this
because there's like you see there's
like an opportunity for you right there
so then if you want to go back in you
can add like some stuff like that and
you can just simply outline the bottom
or for the you you could go like that it
makes it more 3d pops out
then I guess if you're just making like
weird gang names uh-oh leg
is and intertwined the letters so you
sort of begin so you could go like that
then it kind of looks cool if you give
your stuff some outline I'm sure you've
all seen graffiti before so I mean yeah
you've seen it and different people like
different types of graffiti I personally
like the bubbly stuff like this and then
if you go back through i personally like
the pastel colors so if i pick up pastel
ish yellow oops here we go to fill that
in that i want to pick some other pastel
colors because that would be a nice
contrast
and I'm sure I mean if you if you're
just a gang or whatever and you draw
that like this is what you'll draw like
this because they just want to get it
quick and over with that way they don't
get caught but if you're a graffiti
artist and you have your time to take
then coloring in is really nice but I
mean I'm sure a graffiti artist you know
what a graffiti artists would probably
not be listening to this video because
they're already an expert but uh sure
you want to grab some more colors I like
as I said I like pastel colors so I'm
just some colors throwing in some colors
also it's a deep blue or whatever so
that could be a cool name uh now I'm
going to erase this and show you how to
do maybe some names if you want to make
a card for someone special or something
so let's get started i'll match
okay so but I mean you you can use any
technique gang are it's supposed to be
just like art just make it artsy
so let's see here what am I making
maybe this is a number two
so you just want to be artsy like that
or it could be a Z so say it's a Z and
we're going to make a name you could you
know like intertwining the letters
that's always good like I said the past
so see you can you apply your skill now
okay so I'm just gonna write a Zach
and see it looks gang II uh I did mess
up a bit right here you might want want
to do that might well just want to leave
it I was just you know doodling but uh
let's fill it in with some cool colors
and I'm sure if you're just doodling at
home you could just grab some colored
pencils because I would use that instead
of sharp because the stripey will bleed
everywhere you don't want that to be all
over your gang art uh so yeah that's
basically how you do some uh graffiti
art and um you can go to my channel and
request a how-to on something and I can
do it for you so just stick around and
watch the mother of my videos and I will
see you later